Resources
================

Here are links resources that you may find useful. Many have proved
useful to me at different times. Some links will find their way into
other sections of this course. If you find a resource that you find
useful, suggest it to me. Better yet, edit this document and request a
pull.

### Tidyverse

[Tidyverse](https://www.tidyverse.org) home pages for many of the R
packages we will be using.

[Style Guide](http://style.tidyverse.org) for naming files and variables
and formatting your code for maximum legibility by humans. I expect that
your code will closely follow this guide.

[R for Data Science](https://r4ds.had.co.nz) by Wickham and Grolemund.
Our textbook, in bookdown format.

[Advanced R](http://adv-r.had.co.nz/), by Hadley Wickham. If you want to
learn more about R as a programming language, this is a very readable
and concise way of doing so.

[ggplot2 book
(2009)](http://moderngraphics11.pbworks.com/f/ggplot2-Book09hWickham.pdf),
by Hadley Wickham. This is the first edition and is somewhat out of date
with newer versions of `ggplot2.` It is still a good reference. Ignore
the chapter on `qplot()`, which has been deprecated.

### Markdown

  - [R Markdown: the Definitive
    Guide](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/) by Xie et al.
  - [bookdown: Authoring Books and Technical Documents with R
    Markdown](https://bookdown.org/yihui/bookdown/) by Yihui Xie.
  - [bookdown.org](https://bookdown.org) has many useful open-source
    references for R and other topics.

### RStudio

[R Studio](https://www.rstudio.com)

[R Studio Cheat Sheets](https://www.rstudio.com/resources/cheatsheets/)
are recommended.

[Tufte style in R Markdown](http://rstudio.github.io/tufte/). [Edward
Tufte](https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/) has strong and usually very
good opinions on graph design to convey maximum information with minimal
ink.

### Visualizing Data

  - [Fundamentals of Data
    Visualization](https://serialmentor.com/dataviz/) by Claus Wilke.
  - [Data Visualization: a pracical introduction](https://socviz.co) by
    Kieran Healy.

### Git

[Happy Git with R](http://happygitwithr.com). Good text for integrating
Git with R Studio.

[Pro Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2) Free, open-source in-depth
text on using Git. Available online as HTML and downloadable PDF, ePub,
and mobi formats.

### Stack Exchange

[Stack Exchange](https://stackexchange.com) is a collection of
communities with expertise in a wide range of topics. Each community is
specialized for one particular topic. The topic most relevant to this
course is:

[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com) is the community most
relevant to this course. It is an *excellent* source of help but you
must provide a [minimum working
example](https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve). Comments are direct.
Respond accordingly. The [reprex](https://www.tidyverse.org/help/)
package an help you make a good MWE. If you search, you can find
questions asked by your instructor.

I encourage you to take advantage of this resource when you run into
difficulties with this course. Search carefully, though. There is a good
chance that your question may already be answered. You will be required
to register but it is worthwhile.
