# Assignment 11: Mapping

## Overview

Due Tuesday 2018-10-19 at 23:59.

Goals:

* Create a basic outline map with filled regions.
* Create a distribution map.
* Create a bathymetric map.

### Evaluation

All rubrics listed on the [assignments](http://stat545.com/Classroom/assignments/) page are relevant for this assignment.

For this assignment, you can think of the scores loosely this way:

0: Did not attempt.

1: One or more elements are missing or sketchy. Missed opportunities to complement code and numbers with a figure and interpretation. Technical problem that is relatively easy to fix. It's hard to find the report in this crazy repo.

2: Hits all the elements. No obvious mistakes. Pleasant to read. No heroic detective work required. Well done!

3: Exceeded the requirements in number of dimensions. Developed novel tasks that were indeed interesting and "worked". Impressive use of R -- maybe involving functions, packages or workflows that weren't given in class materials. Impeccable organization of repo and report. You learned something new from reviewing their work and you're eager to incorporate it into your work.

### Data

Use the data provided below.

## The Assignment

### Part 1: Outline map

Use the `maptools` package along with ``ggplot2` to make an outline map of the state of your birth that shows the outlines for all counties of the state. Two counties should be filled according to these criteria:

Pick counties based on your initials (assuming you have at least one first and one last name). You can find lists of counties for each state [here on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_counties_by_U.S._state_and_territory). For example, your instructor was born in Missouri and his initials are MST. For Missouri counties, he could fill in some combination of 

- Macon and Schuyler,
- Madison and Taney,
- Shelby and Texas, or 
- any other combination of counties that begin with M, S, or T. 

If one of your names begins with a letter that does not match a county (e.g., Ellen or Zachary), use the second letter of that name (e.g., L or A for Ellen and Zachary). 

### Part 2: Dot distribution map



